Privacy Policy
MSAppStudios built the AddJewelry app as a paid and ad-supported commercial app. 

    This page is used to inform users regarding policies with the collection, use, and
    disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use the app
    
    If you choose to use the app, then you agree to the collection and use of information in
    relation with this policy. The Personal Information collected are used for improving and 
    providing a better user experience. The app will not use or share your information with anyone except as described
    in this Privacy Policy
    
Information Collection and Use
    For a better experience while using the app, the app may require you to provide with certain
    personally identifiable information, including but not limited to users name or address or location | pictures. 
	  The information requested is retained on your device and is not
    collected by MSAppStudios in any way and will not be retained by msappstudios or used.
    The app does use third party services that may collect information used to identify you including but not limited to services 
    from other ad networks and their corresponding privacy policies apply

Links to Other Sites
    This app may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be
    directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by msappstudios. Therefore, 
    review the Privacy Policy of these websites prior. The app has no control over, and
    assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party
    sites or services or user data collections or any other such information collection. 

This privacy policy may be updated as and when required with no user consent. Downloading and using the 
AddJewelry app is in agreement to policies listed above but not limited to just the above as other 
third party privacy policies and terms and conditions apply. MSAppStudios or partners or associates are 
no way responsbible for any losses in usage of the AddJewelery app and allows no claims in any form as 
usage is at your soul interests. 
